Today's first cup of milk tea I invite everyone to drink
Oops, Yingying is still the best.
Generous and considerate
He is Mr. Ji's best assistant
Yingying, did something good happen?
Would you like to share it with us?
Hey, what about this?
Everyone should know about my wedding with Yan Ting
It's settled.
The wedding is already underway
Ouch Su Ran
I seem to have forgotten about your cup of milk tea. It doesn't matter.
Wait, I'm going out too
No, that's right.
Su Ran
For my marriage to Yan Ting, I would like to invite you to be a bridesmaid
Not suitable
What's inappropriate?
This is what Ji Yanting ordered
Since the machine has decided
Then I can only follow orders
What's your trouble?
It's okay, thank you Mr. Ji for your concern.
What happened to Su Ran?